Bug fixes. (#1662)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1019-0-0-modified-lable-for-complex-property-in-subassets-page.md

---
date: 2023-12-14
title: Modified label for complex property in Subassets page.
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-Tl88RYb4A
    label: Digital Twin Manager
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-wYIY0MBDO
    label: dtm
ticket: CTM-657
version: 1019.0.0
---

> User can now see a label 'complex properties' instead of the previous 'property key' label  in the Subassets tab.

Reviewer: Use the exact case when mentioning fields or labels
```suggestion
Users can now see a label 'Complex properties' instead of the previous 'Property key' label  in the Subassets page.
```
